Add the issue template for guide-related problems (#4386)
Kotlin/kotlinx.coroutines: .github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/guide.md

---
name: Issue with the Coroutines guide
about: Problems on https://kotlinlang.org/docs/coroutines-guide.html
title: ''
labels: guide
assignees: ''

---

**Which page?**

> Drop a link to a specific page, if this is not about a page missing altogether.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Drop a link to a specific page, unless you're reporting something that's missing entirely.
```

**What can be improved?**

> Describe the problematic part. Does it mislead the reader? Is it completely wrong?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Describe the problematic part. Is it misleading, unclear, or just something that didn’t work for you?
```
